someone at demonstrate how to set the
rider up first thing whenever we're
doing any service on the router you want
to make sure you unplug it most
important got a router bit here to 90
degree feet a bit it's just going to
drop it into the collet here making sure
that it doesn't fall them out if you
want to keep the bit about probably an
eighth of an inch from bottoming out in
the chuck itself this is a really great
feature on this router and it's got the
spindle lock here so you only need to
use one wrench to tighten that so while
lately depressing it kind of spin the
spindle here until you feel that button
engage that's where it's going to lock
into the shaft of the actual router and
lock the spindle so using one hand your
thumb to hold that button in tight they
call it by hand
then using your supplied spanner wrench
make sure that you tighten the router
making sure it's really good and tight
next we're going to depth it so we're
going to flip the router over and we're
going to depth it down so that it
follows out on the workpiece that we're
using so we have the lock lever which is
going to release the clamps which allow
on the router to plunge up and down
first thing I'm going to do is lightly
depress it until my bit bottoms out on
the workpiece I'm then going to turn my
lock lever to lock it in place
next I'd like to do probably on this
pass maybe about a 3/8 to quarter inch
depth of cut so I'm going to release my
locking pin here I'm going to drop that
down the depth pin is setting on the
micro adjust post here which you can
turn the screw to get up if you really
need to get an exact depth you can get
it approximately and then by turning the
screw
and the set bolt you can a set and not
excuse me you can make sure that you get
the appropriate death now I'm going to
use the supplied scale I'm going to zero
it out so that it's showing me that I'm
right at a zero here then I'm going to
with it bottom though everything set
with the router flat against the
substrate here I'm going to release this
knob I'm going to raise my bar here up
to let's do about 3/8 of an inch so I'm
using the scale I've moved it up to 3/8
of an inch
locked it in place and now you can see
there's about three eighths of an inch
between the depth link pin and the
bottom of post so now when I release the
lever here when I'd estimate the router
and lock it in place the bit is
approximately three eighths of an inch
beyond the base now I'm going to release
that lever which allows us to come back
up and we're ready to wrap over so you
can plug your tool in and then
appropriate safety gear and we're ready
to begin